                                                   RESTAURANT   BILLING    SYSTEM

Description :

This  project helps us to order a list of food items from the given menu card and helps us to
compute the total bill. It is one of the real time applications and can be used in restaurants to
do the billing. Using this c program source code you can be able to choose many number of 
items from menu card as per your choice and it helps us to compute the final bill. The 
menu consists of list of items starting from the morning breakfast till snacks in the evening.
In order to display prices for food items i have used the integer array  and i have declared the 
prices within the integer array. Menu variety has been displayed within the printf function.
In order to choose a variety of foods  from the menu i have used the DO WHILE LOOP. Inside
the do while loop i have asked the customer's choice of food and if they want to continue
ordering i have asked them to press 20 else if they want to exit they can press 0. The WHILE
condition states that it will continue to execute unless it is 0.In this similar way i have used
a do while loop for Breakfast,Brunch and Snacks . I have printed the amount for breakfast,
brunch,lunch separately and atlast i have computed the total bill.This is how a restaurant bill is 
computed using this source code.I have enclosed the algorithm.

ALGORITHM:

STEP1:  start
STEP2:  read option1,option2,option3,c1,c2,c3,bill
STEP3:  initialize amount1=0,amount2=0,amount3=0
STEP4:  read prices in an array
STEP5:  print the given menu options and the details 
             about the restaurant.
STEP6:  use a do while loop for breakfast.
             read the customer's option.
STEP7:  amount1+=price[option1-1]
STEP8:  print for continue ordering else exit.
STEP9:  read the customer's choice
STEP10:  while customer's choice not equal to exit
STEP11:  print the breakfast amount
STEP12:  use a do while loop for breakfast.
               read the customer's option.
STEP13:  amount2+=price[option2-1]
STEP14:  print for continue ordering else exit.
STEP15:  read the customer's choice
STEP16:  while customer's choice not equal to exit
STEP17:  print the brunch amount
STEP18:  use a do while loop for snacks.
               read the customer's option.
STEP19:  amount3+=price[option3-1]
STEP20:  print for continue ordering else exit.
STEP21:  read the customer's choice
STEP22:  while customer's choice not equal to exit
STEP23:  print the snacks amount
STEP24:  bill=amount1+amount2+amount3
STEP25:  print bill
STEP26:  Stop


